doc: Add note on Take/Optional Cell differences (#2399)
tock/tock: doc/Mutable_References.md

`None` if the value is effectively unset. Using an `OptionalCell` (like a
`NumCell`) makes the code clearer and hides extra tedious function calls.

### Comparison to `TakeCell`

`TakeCell` and `OptionalCell` are quite similar, but the key differentiator is

> the `Copy` bound for items stored in `OptionalCell`s. The semantic difference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `Copy` bound required for items to use some of the methods defined on `OptionalCell`, such as `map()`.
The `Copy` bound enables safe "reentrant" access to the stored value, because multiple accesses will be operating
on a copy of the stored item. The semantic difference
```

I want it to be clear that non-Copy items *can* be stored in an `OptionalCell`, but `map()` etc. cannot be called on those `OptionalCell`s.

is the name: a `TakeCell` is designed for something that must literally be
taken, e.g. commonly a buffer that is given to a different subsystem in a way
not easily captured by the Rust borrow mechansims (commonly when a buffer is
passed into, borrowed, "by" a hardware peripheral, and returned when hardware
event has filled the buffer). [#2360](https://github.com/tock/tock/pull/2360)

> has some examples where trying to convert a `TakeCell` into and `OptionalCell`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has some examples where trying to convert a `TakeCell` into an `OptionalCell`
```

`None` if the value is effectively unset. Using an `OptionalCell` (like a
`NumCell`) makes the code clearer and hides extra tedious function calls.

### Comparison to `TakeCell`

`TakeCell` and `OptionalCell` are quite similar, but the key differentiator is
the `Copy` bound required for items to use some of the methods defined on `OptionalCell`, such as `map()`.
The `Copy` bound enables safe "reentrant" access to the stored value, because multiple accesses will be operating

> on a copy of the stored item. The semantic difference

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on different copies of the same stored item. The semantic difference
```
is that valid? If so, might be slightly more clear.

Reviewer: yes I think that is correct
